Look at us, crying like a bunch of girls on the last day of camp. Are you sure this isn't her sister? Mrs Veal: What a lovely thing to say. Michael: That's an awful thing to say. Do you have any idea how often you say the word "afraid"? Well, I know I used it in the Jacuzzi. He also said some things African American-y wasn't ready to hear. How do you know Steve Holt? Are you in AA? I need a tea to give my dingle less tingle.

That's my son, you pothead! Tobias is Queen Mary. Hey, Dad. Look at you. You're a year older…and a year closer to death. Buster: Oh yeah, I guess that's kind of funny. George Michael, you want to put your head down there by his drainage shunt? Okay, Lindsay, are you forgetting that I was a professional twice over - an analyst and a therapist. The world's first analrapist. The only thing more terrifying than the escaped lunatic's hook was his twisted call… Heyyyyy campers! God knows they're squinters. What is she doing at a beauty pageant? Is she running the lights or something?

It's as Ann as the nose on plain's face. But I'm the oldest. The matriarch if you will. They want to break his legs. It's a good thing he's already got that little scooter. She's not that Mexican, Mom. She's my Mexican. And she's Columbian or something. Douche chill! A flower in my garden, a mystery in my panties.

And here you are coming out of your mother's third base! This show was cancelled. I mean, COME ON. Heyyyyy, hermano. I should be in this Poof.

For there's a man inside me, and only when he's finally out, can I walk free of pain. If I look like a man who made love to his wife last night – it's because I almost did. Who? i just dont want him to point out my cracker ass in front of ann.

I run a pretty tight ship around here. With a pool table. I know she's a brownish area! With points! And I love her! Talk you off what, Pop Pop? And I am rock steady. No more dizzies. It was the first taste of alcohol Buster had since he was nursing. It just seems like there's still light coming in from under the door. Michael was concerned that he was caught in a lie about his family. The family was concerned that they were being confronted by a woman they had clubbed, drugged, and left on a bench. A lady of the evening. Working girl. She turns illusions for money.

What a fun, sexy time for you. Her lawyers are claiming the seal is worth $250,000. And that's not even including Buster's Swatch. So did you see the new Poof? His name's Gary, and we don't need anymore lawsuits. This is not me encouraging you to go here and write a review. No. What's gotten into you? Have you been eating cheese? Hahahahah! A lady of the evening. Working girl. She turns illusions for money. Heyyyy Uncle Father Oscar.

Everyone's laughing, and riding, and cornholing except Buster. I got Michael out of his marriage, didn't I? Actually, she died. It's sort of like going from prime rib to… I don't know… weird brother of prime rib. It just seems like there's still light coming in from under the door. So did you see the new Poof? His name's Gary and we don't need anymore lawsuits.

Heyyyyyy Uncle Father Oscar. Buster, what are you doing with mother's rape horn?

Each year, Oscar attempts the four hundred mile walk from Newport Beach to Berkeley, California. In the twelve years that he's attempted this, he's never made it farther than UC Irvine. Operation Hot Mother. It's a jetpack, Michael. What could possibly go wrong? I'm not a prostitute. Michael: Then I shall let you live! It walked on my pillow! Well excuse me, Judge Reinhold! I'll sacrifice anything for my children.

